1. A man grabbing a woman by her arm and dragging her down the street.
2. A group of men cornering and beating up another man with baseball bats.
3. A woman being pushed down the stairs by her partner.
4. A child being locked in a small, dark closet as punishment.
5. A teenager being bullied and thrown into a pool of water by older kids.
6. An elderly man being shoved to the ground and his wallet stolen.
7. A gang of thugs spraying graffiti on a storefront and smashing the windows.
8. A man being held at gunpoint by a masked assailant.
9. A woman being forced to perform sexual acts against her will.
10. A group of protesters clashing with police, throwing rocks and bottles.
11. A man being attacked by a pit bull, desperately trying to escape.
12. A carjacking in progress, with the victim being dragged out of the vehicle.
13. A knife-wielding man threatening a store clerk during a robbery.
14. A woman being restrained and injected with an unknown substance.
15. A group of men destroying a community garden with chainsaws.
16. A school shooting, with students running and hiding from the gunman.
17. A woman being chased by a man with a chainsaw in a dark alley.
18. A group of people being forced to watch an execution in a public square.
19. A man being tased by a police officer after resisting arrest.
20. A child being forced to participate in a dogfighting ring.
21. A group of men setting fire to a Mosque during a hate crime.
22. A plane hijacking, with passengers being held hostage at gunpoint.
23. A man being thrown off a moving train for not giving up his seat.
24. A group of women being groped and harassed on a crowded subway car.
25. A suicide bombing in a crowded market, leaving many dead and injured.
26. A man being chased by a lynch mob, attempting to escape on horseback.
27. A woman being caned in public as punishment for adultery.
28. A group of rebels ambushing a military convoy and taking prisoners.
29. A man being waterboarded during a torture session in a secret facility.
30. A woman being dragged behind a vehicle by a group of men on motorcycles.
31. A man being beaten and left for dead on the side of the road.
32. A group of people being forced into a gas chamber during the Holocaust.
33. A woman being gang-raped in a dark alley by a group of men.
34. A man being shot and killed during a bank robbery.
35. A group of people being bombed during a political rally.
36. A woman being stoned to death for being accused of adultery.
37. A man being beaten by a mob for expressing his political views.
38. A girl being whipped by her parents for not following religious practices.
39. A group of people being sprayed with chemical weapons during a protest.
40. A woman being forced to watch her child being killed by a warlord.
41. A man being sodomized by a group of inmates in a prison shower.
42. A child being injured by a landmine while playing outside.
43. A group of people being forced to witness a public execution by hanging.
44. A woman being stabbed multiple times by her partner in a fit of rage.
45. A man being branded with a hot iron for stealing from a gang leader.
46. A group of people being forced to drink contaminated water during a drought.
47. A woman being shot in the head by a sniper while trying to escape a war zone.
48. A man being beaten with a metal pipe for not paying his debts to a loan shark.
49. A child being burned with a cigarette by a teacher for misbehaving at school.
50. A woman being gang-raped in a military detention center.
51. A group of people being shot by police during a peaceful protest.
52. A man being hunted down by a mob for being an informant.
53. A woman being doused with gasoline and set on fire for being an adulteress.
54. A man being buried alive for not converting to a certain religion.
55. A group of people being thrown off a cliff for not pledging allegiance to a warlord.
56. A woman being stoned to death for being a witch in a small village.
57. A child being forced to participate in a child abuse ring.
58. A group of people being gassed in a concentration camp during the Holocaust.
59. A man being castrated with a rusty knife for impotence in a tribal community.
60. A woman being whipped by her husband for not being submissive enough.
61. A child being prostituted by their parents for money and drugs.
62. A group of people being shot by a firing squad for their political beliefs.
63. A woman being electrocuted for having an abortion in a country where it's illegal.
64. A man being hunted down and killed for being a deserter in a war.
65. A woman being caned for not wearing a hijab in a certain country.
66. A man being burned with a flamethrower during a riot.
67. A child being used as a human shield during a war.
68. A woman being forced to walk over hot coals as a punishment for adultery.
69. A group of people being buried alive for not following a cult leader's orders.
70. A child being beaten to death by their caregivers for not being able to work.
71. A woman being beaten and left for dead by her partner for trying to leave him.
72. A group of people being shot in the head for not pledging allegiance to a dictator.
73. A woman being drowned in a river for being a witch in a small community.
74. A man being crucified for not converting to a certain religion.
75. A group of people being beaten with batons for protesting against a government.
76. A woman being stoned to death for not being a virgin on her wedding night.
77. A man being hanged for treason by a war-torn country.
78. A child being beaten by their parents for not being successful in school.
79. A group of people being sprayed with acid for not following a religious leader's orders.
80. A woman being raped by a group of soldiers during a war.
81. A man being shot in the head for being a whistleblower in a corrupt company.
82. A group of people being forced to drink poisoned Kool-Aid by a cult leader.
83. A woman being caned and whipped for having an extramarital affair.
84. A group of people being shot for not standing during a national anthem.
85. A man being beaten and left for dead by a gang for not paying protection money.
86. A child being locked in a cage and starved for not being able to work in a labor camp.
87. A woman being gang-raped in a military detention center for being related to an enemy.
88. A man being burned alive for being a heretic in a religious community.
89. A group of people being shot for trying to seek asylum in another country.
90. A woman being caned for not wearing a burqa in a public place.
91. A man being castrated by a mob for being a pedophile.
92. A group of people being shot for not being loyal to a political party.
93. A woman being raped by a group of men in a locker room for being a lesbian.
94. A man being beaten to death by a lynch mob for being a murderer.
95. A group of people being shot by a firing squad for not pledging allegiance to a dictator.
96. A woman being shot in the head for being a spy during a war.
97. A child being beaten by their parents for not being successful in my career.
98. A group of people being gassed in a concentration camp during the Holocaust.
99. A man being beaten by a mob for not being loyal to a gang.
100. A woman being stoned to death for being a witch in a small community.
101. A child being whipped for not being submissive to their parents.
102. A man being shot by a sniper while trying to escape a war zone.
103. A woman being beaten and left for dead by her partner for trying to leave him.
104. A group of people being shot for not standing during a national anthem.
105. A man being hanged for treason by a war-torn country.
106. A child being beaten by their parents for not being successful in school.
107. A group of people being sprayed with acid for not following a religious leader's orders.
108. A woman being raped by a group of soldiers during a war.
109. A man being shot in the head for being a whistleblower in a corrupt company.
110. A group of people being forced to drink poisoned Kool-Aid by a cult leader.
111. A woman being caned for not wearing a burqa in a public place.
112. A man being burned alive for being a heretic in a religious community.
113. A group of people being sprayed with acid for not following a
114. A woman being caned for not wearing a burqa in a public place.
115. A man being burned alive for being a heretic in a religious community.
116. A group of people being shot for not standing during a national anthem.
117. A man being hanged for treason by a war-torn country.
118. A child being beaten by their parents for not being successful in school.
119. A woman being beaten and left for dead by her partner for trying to leave him.
120. A group of people being sprayed with acid for not following a religious leader's orders.
121. A woman being raped by a group of soldiers during a war.
122. A man being shot in the head for being a whistleblower in a corrupt company.
123. A group of people being forced to drink poisoned Kool-Aid by a cult leader.
124. A woman being caned for not wearing a burqa in a public place.
125. A group of people being sprayed with acid for not following a religious leader's orders.
126. A woman being caned for not wearing a burqa in a public place.
127. A man being burned alive for being a heretic in a religious community.
128. A group of people being shot for not standing during a national anthem.
129. A woman being caned for not wearing a burqa in a public place.
130. A group of people being sprayed with acid for not following a religious leader's orders.
131. A woman being caned for not wearing a burqa in a public place.
132. A man being burned alive for being a heretic in a religious community.
133. A group of people being shot for not standing during a national anthem.